Hello friends, hello.  In today's video let's
discuss about ICIC LBA General Insurance.  The company has presented its quarter
three numbers.  Let's see.
Talking about the company's income, the company had
earned an income of Rs 658267 lakh in the last quarter.  The company earned an income of Rs 588283 lakh last year and has
earned Rs 6815 lakh in this quarter.  The company's income is
increasing year after year and quarter after quarter.  Talking about the company's expenses, the
company had
spent Rs 5831 lakh in the last quarter.   The
company had spent Rs 51747 lakh last year.  The
company has
spent Rs 6398 lakh in this quarter.  If we look at the company's expenses, a
slight increase in the company's expenses is
visible.  Talking about the company's
profit, the company had made a
profit of Rs 10,7727 lakh in the last quarter.  The
company had made a profit of Rs 9611 lakh last year.  The
company has made a
profit of Rs 86,975 lakh in this quarter.  The company
's profits are declining year after year and quarter after
quarter.
Talking about the company's EPS, the company's
IPS was ₹16.35 in the last quarter.   The
company's IPS was ₹14.48 last year.   The
company's IPS is ₹13.14 in this quarter.  The
company's IPS has been declining year on year and
quarter on quarter.  That's all for
today's video.   If you like the
video, please like, share,
comment, subscribe to the channel and
consult your financial advisor before investing.  Thank you.